WARNING: THIS TEXT DOCUMENT IS MEANT FOR A MARKER OR SHAREHOLDER TO VIEW. IF YOU ARE SIMPLY A PLAYER< THIS DOCUMENT WILL SPOIL THE GAME. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.

The basis of this game is progression; the player must take their time to discover unique crafting recipes.
This proccess is very time-consuming however, and if you are trying to playtest the game or to mark it, you will lose time due to this.
To combat this, open the "debug.txt" file in the "debug" folder.
Once you have done this, you can change the single number to any of these three numbers:
    0 (Default): The game is played normally
    1: The list of crafting recipes are printed for you at the start of the game in the terminal
    2: The same effect as 1, but you start with an assortment of items instead of nothing

To playtest the progression of the game, we suggest 0 or 1. To playtest the functionality of the game, we suggest 2.
If the file is anything else than a single number; 0, 1 or 2, the file will be reset to 0

If you are having issues with playing the game, please note this is normal as the intended progression of the game is slow and involves spending time figuring out the mechanics and the crafting recipes.
With this in mind, if you need to review the game's functionality and do not understand certain mechanics, here are a list of them:
> Most tools cant attack enemies, so unless you have a knife, equip your fists to attack enemies
> If you need wood, equip your fists
> The white dot during evening and night time is used as a directional clue to where the camp is, so follow that to arrive at the campsite
> The campsite provides multiple buffs to help you survive easier
> If you are having trouble finding crafting recipes near the start, go through each possibility, as then you are bound to find a recipe

NOTE: This game is meant to be hard to understand, even the mechanics. It is intended for the player to die over and over until they understand the mechanics and/or know the crafting recipes.

Enjoy!